Expectations:
* Changelist Reviews
See fork_and_pull.txt for instructions. Basically everyone works in their own 
branch, and creates pull requests that pull changes from your dev branch into the 
master branch. These pull requests are assigned to another member of your team.  
This person is responsible for reviewing the changes, and executing the pull to 
merge the changes.  There should always be at least one reviewer.  Reviewer
is just as responsible for making sure the change works as intended, so be careful.

* Branch Health
Periodically, we’ll be checking out the master branch and verifying it builds.  
*No* changes should be checked into the master branch which breaks the build.  
If they are, they should be fixed or reverted within a day.  Features can be in 
development in the master branch at different stages, but we should always be 
able to run the program and see at least a direct-x window.  Your dev branches 
can be in any state, but I encourage you to always leave the branch buildable.

* Weekly individual progress reports
Due Thursday @ noon.  We’ll discuss the contents @ our weekly meeting. The 
progress reports should have “work done, work todo, and current blockers” 
(problems you don’t know the solution to, or issues that are impeding progress).

* Coding standards
Choose spacing, brackets, capitalization, prefixes etc and stay consistent.  
See http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/cppguide.xml for a good standard.
You don't need to follow all the standards, choose a few which apply and stick with it.
Catch deviations during the review process, it's up to everyone to maintain the standard.

* Branch layout
There will be a single master branch. Each developer will fork off a copy for their
own personal use.  For milestone 1, the developer branches will be used to determine
whether the milestone has been hit.  The point is for each developer to do milestone 1
on their own, so they understand the basics of transformations and shading.  After
milestone 1, the single master branch will be used to determine success. The point is
for all developers to use a shared code base, and do iterative development in their own
branches before pulling into the master branch via the review process.